# Jeff's response to Jan 12 proposal

Clearly, you're more interested in DDoS, so
I'm not going to give you canaries feedback.

Overall, this looks great. It's a well scoped project
with plenty of room for extra features, deeper
exploration, etc.

Here, in no particular order, is a collection of
suggestions and observations.

- This one definitely needs that literature review. You have
mentioned a few mitigation techniques, but you're going to
need more detail and a more thorough taxonomy of the attack
and defense techniques. (What does Cloudflare do, specifically,
when somebody sends
[6TB/s at krebsonsecurity.com](https://krebsonsecurity.com/2025/05/krebsonsecurity-hit-with-near-record-6-3-tbps-ddos/)?)

- The biggest challenge here, I think, is figuring out whether
simulating a DDoS attack is even possible with a single computer.
Can you restrict your target VM or container to a single core on
a multi-core laptop, allowing your attackers to use the other cores?
Can you do something with your laptop's graphics card? I just really
don't know, though I bet somebody else has discussed this in detail
somewhere.

- As you note, once you start getting into network and transport
layer techniques, the implementations can be tricky. Cool, but figuring
out how to install hooks into your OS for mitigation implementation
purposes...?? Does this get you into nftables filter implementation, or
is it different? Again, I don't know, but I look forward to getting
educated by you on the subject.

- Looks like a very cool project, with some potential struggles
ahead. Do your lit review, and then you can dig deeper for the next
draft of your proposal.
